Update pull-requests.md (#790)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/contributing/pull-requests.md

## How to Make a Pull Request ##

There are two main ways to make a pull request.  
For small changes that only affect a single file, the GitHub web interface can be used to make a pull request entirely online. Simply navigate to the file you want to edit and use the edit icon.  

> For more complicated contributions, it's most often easier to use your local computer to prepare for a pull request first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more complicated contributions, it's most often easier to clone the repository to your local computer to prepare for a pull request first.
```
